Docs: version and install instructions (#156)
ansys/grantami-recordlists: README.rst

    pip install ansys-grantami-recordlists

To install a release compatible with a specific version of Granta MI, use the

> `PyGranta <https://grantami.docs.pyansys.com/>`_ meta-package with this code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PyGranta <https://grantami.docs.pyansys.com/>`_ meta-package with a requirement specifier:
```
